- [X] Acknowledgments
- [X] Preface
  - [X] What Is tmux?
  - [X] Who Should Read This Book
  - [X] What’s in This Book
  - [X] Changes in the Second Edition
  - [X] What You Need
  - [X] Conventions
  - [X] Online Resources
- [X] 1. Learning the Basics
  - [X] Installing tmux
    - Easy
  - [X] Starting tmux
    - Easy
  - [X] The Command Prefix - Too easy. But, I've noticed that my current tmux config has disable shortcut for `clock-mode`. `prefix-t` gave me nothing.  - I'm using a ubuntu docker image to learn the basic tmux.
  - [X] Detaching and Attaching Sessions
  - [X] Working with Windows
    - Just learn about `prefix-w` and `prefix-f`
  - [X] Working with Panes
  - [X] Working with Command Mode
  - [X] What’s Next?
  - [X] For Future Reference
    - This kind of seection is a nice enhancement from 1st edition
- [X] 2. Configuring tmux
  - [X] Introducing the .tmux.conf File
  - [X] Customizing Keys, Commands, and User Input
  - [X] Visual Styling
  - [X] Customizing the Status Line’s Content
  - [X] What’s Next?
  - [X] For Future Reference
    - Most of the remapped keys are already covered in my tmux plugins.
- [X] 3. Scripting Customized tmux Environments
  - [X] Creating a Custom Setup with tmux Commands
  - [X] Using tmux Configuration for Setup
  - [X] Managing Configuration with tmuxinator
    - I've already known tmuxinator before.
  - [X] What’s Next?
  - [X] For Future Reference
  - Not much new things from this chapter. But it's nice to know how tmuxinator might be implemented under the hood.
- [X] 4. Working With Text and Buffers
  - [X] Scrolling Through Output with Copy Mode
  - [X] Copying and Pasting Text
    - The copy cat plugin helps me copy via `y` key just like vim.
  - [X] Working with the Clipboard on Linux
    - OMG, the buffers related commands in tmux is insane.
  - [X] Using OS X Clipboard Commands
  - [X] What’s Next?
  - [X] For Future Reference
    - Those sessions are really good for references
- [X] 5. Pair Programming with tmux
  - [X] Pairing with a Shared Account
  - [X] Using a Shared Account and Grouped Sessions
    - Grouped sessions is very nice. So, multiple users could share the same *target session* while working on different windows as the same time.
    - That's why tmux has both `-s` and `-t` flags. For a while, I don't really understand them, as I usually work alone on my own tmux sessions.
  - [X] Quickly Pairing with tmate
    - Try tmate before, but I don't have practical usage reason for it yet, hence, just poke around.
  - [X] Pairing with Separate Accounts and Sockets
    - Nice feature.
  - [X] What’s Next?
  - [X] For Future Reference
- [X] 6. Workflows
  - [X] Working Effectively with Panes and Windows
  - [X] Managing Sessions
    - I think I found an error in the session "Moving Between Sessions". The shortcut to expand the windows tree (after pressing `prefix-s`) is `+`, not `SPACE`.
    - The actual command behind `prefix-s` and `prefix-w` is `choose-tree`. Very [[nice.]]
  - [X] tmux and Your Operating System
  - [X] Extending tmux with Plugins
  - [X] What’s Next?
  - [X] For Future Reference
- [X] A1. Our Configuration

